“twitter-like” application presentation


1) Database diagram

Check the file named " erd.pdf"

2) List of the principal gem used and why using them

Devise:
	User authentication.
	To do logins, logouts, user account registration, cancelation and edition.

Carrierwave
	Image Uploads

Cloudinary
	Complementary to carrierwave, allow uploads to an 3 part service, since Heroku doesn't allows file uploads

3) What strategies used for testing

Model and controllers tests using Rspec

All the tests check for the rightness of the behaviour of the code.

It was used test driven development, so, the tests where built before the code, on a test, fail, refactor cycle. 


4) What strategies used for pushing it online

It was published using the heroku toolbelt that uses git to automate the deployment process.

Heroku was chosen because it’s free, and it’s easy to deploy rails apps.

Git was chosen because is the defacto industry standart given its qualities.

 Link to the project : https://quiet-crag-8235.herokuapp.com

5) List of all the features

User
user registration
user authentication
account cancelation
account edition
follow / unfollow other users

Tweets
post
like
retweet
reply

Search
Search users and /or tweets

User Reccomendation
List of users not followed by the logged in user.

Notifications

The user receives an notification ( count on the menu item on top )
when another user likes, replies or retweet one of his tweets.
When another user follows him.


8) To summarize 

We have code all the features that was requested in the project brief but we would have loved to have more time to develop the features below (that are displayed in the mockup) : 

=add picture / video to tweets 
pictures will be upload and shown, videos will be embbed, youtube only.
pictures and videos must appear on a list on the dashboard. 
Clicking on them will open
image upload to heroku 

=icon notification and notifications 

list all the users tweets that where liked
list all the users that followed 
increment the counter on the icon on new 
clear when the notifications page is accessed

=private message 
a user that follows and is followed by another user can
send private messages
it must find the user and click on the button "private message"
it will be taken to a form where it can sent the message

=read messages
page with all the messages received
button to reply
separated into read/unread
the icon must show the counter of messages
clear when the messages page is accessed

=person search 
on the search page, search for tweets and people
they must be listed separeted.

=add location to profile 
add location field to user
add a maps component to search for location coordinates on the profile page

=retweets 
retweet something on the timeline to your followers

=email confirmation 
setup email
needs an email account user and password ( gmail, zoho, sendgrid )
